# Scrum-Agile-

From my past experiences and from the knowledge I have gained through this course, I have gained a great understanding of how to implement user needs into a project. From my previous experiences, I have relied on developing a close relationship with the users/customers I was serving. By building a relationship with those I was working with, I developed a layer of trust that lead to them being more willing to negiotate RFIs and they were also more transparent with their requests/demands. Through this course, I gained an undertanding of the power of using user stories to clearly communicate user needs into the current project. Through user stories, we were able to clearly define the requirements for each story, outline the who, what and why for each user story.
A key to developing a program is establishing sound communication. Good communication across the chain should be a vital component to developing any program. Effective communication will provide clearer direction, team transparency, alleviate more issues when they arise and ultimately allow for the project to complete sooner.
There is a lot that goes into "being a good team member". To start, as previously mentioned, a good team member is great at effectively communicating with other team members. Whether it involves any issues they encounter during project development, their status updates at a Scrum meeting or just communicating with other team members in general, communication is extremely important. They are flexible and can adapt with shifting to project backlog requirements and team demands. Being flexible and adapatable to project demands is the name of the game with a Scrum methodolgy.
